heyer tailored yes i have today
once again a lining for you and indeed
I have again over a few days
Filmed what we ate to eat
to have
You see a few sequences where I am
the food grief you see so too
few sequences only the food is done
I also have breakfast most of the time
dinner filmed lunch faith
I do not always know
lunch if just a
bread is what left over from the day before
At noon was easy for the kids
That's why it's not warm
quite so interesting I think what so
gave me enough and I will do that to you now
like to show how it is said
basically only breakfast
and lunch and I wish you
a lot of fun is my fusari
especially me again then bit goodbye
good morning my life today it me times
a fresh glass of orange juice and a
nice big farmer's bread with mine
humus on the something little more and with
that's enough for my vegetarian sausage
me now first and therefore first
bye bye
and then I'm gonna do that to her
love today thursday and today there
It rolls with butter and barely beer for
Breakfast and a small rims doubly
the banks yesterday image is on
Instagram to find and have to drink
I have a tea and I'll leave that to myself
Taste it until then, there is today
lasagna with salad
but I do not eat anything about her
wrong I exist egg noodles easy
more courage and fresh at straight
a few touched about it a bit
and I let them talk to me
so has my life today is there and says
I show you now is breakfast time
super healthy from a glass once well
the vitamin want you in the futsal of
I then showed myself leather
bun made with my humus on it
the spicy from andy and then with the
Camembert has indicated in the food
from lidl and there I have one more here
small but fine muffin tart there
my mother-in-law yesterday's birthday
had and gave her and cake with
I thought I could
as a dessert is
that I like myself so today there is
time a vegetarian pizza with paprika
tomatoes zucchini and I leave that to myself
taste
so experience I have graf now
dinner is made and that is available for
the most pasta dumplings and meat and
not for me, I have mine here -
few bargains and there are
delicious salad and I leave that to myself
taste it now
There are vegetables today
dumplings with shredded
Vegetarian is the last time around
that 's open with that
blarney and then there are the
message for that and for the others he is
down meat with sauce that's for me
that is for me and that is for the
rest and I let that taste me and
I wish you a nice time